I miss you waiting for me
I'm going to buy something
How did you do it so soon?
After school
Ah!
Miss Lin really impresses me
Guo Yiming, I beg you to let me go
It seems that I am still too stupid for you.
You should really be like a dog
Locked in a cage
Why didn't you think of begging me when you just ran away?
Fangxun driving
No, no.
Ah, I just want to run away with you wild man so much
Run, keep running
What do you want?
What is Gu Yuming doing?
You can't live with a man, can you?
You will satisfy you
Guo Yuming, I was wrong.
Let go of me
Let go of me!
Today I will let you know what will happen to me for you.
Tell you
Even if my stuff is ruined, no one else will touch it
Ah don't give it to me
No, no.